docs: deprecate installationMode in user data (#6602)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/site-deployment/deploy-custom-registries/deploy-primary-registry.md

tags: ["edge"]
---

> A primary registry is an in-cluster registry that stores images required for cluster deployment. If your local cluster
> does not have connection to the internet, you can store all images required for cluster function in the primary registry
> so your cluster can operate in a local environment. In addition, both local and central clusters can benefit from using
> a primary registry for increased reliability and reduced bandwidth usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A primary registry is an in-cluster registry that stores images required for cluster deployment. If your local cluster does not have internet connectivity, you can store all images required for cluster functionality in the primary registry so your cluster can operate in a local environment. In addition, both local and central clusters can benefit from using a primary registry for increased reliability and reduced bandwidth usage.
```

Reviewer: Perhaps?

:::preview

:::

> When your Edge cluster is created for the first time, all images in the `pack.content.images` field in each layer of the
> profile loaded from the content bundle or external registries are stored locally in the primary registry. Subsequent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your Edge cluster is created for the first time, all images in the `pack.content.images` field in each profile layer loaded from the content bundle or external registries are stored locally in the primary registry. Subsequent
```

Reviewer: This sentence is quite long and hard to follow, although nothing is grammatically wrong with it.

Minor suggestion to shorten it slightly!
